<h1>Portfolio</h1>

<h3>About me 👋</h3>
My name is Samuel, and I have been on a journey to become a skilled Quality Assurance (QA) professional since mid-2019. I’m thrilled to have found a field where I can truly thrive and grow. Throughout my learning experience, I’ve developed a strong passion for Software QA, with a particular focus on accessibility. I firmly believe that as a QA specialist, I have the power to make the digital world more inclusive and accessible for everyone.
This portfolio reflects both my expertise and the practical skills I've acquired through formal courses, self-study, and hands-on experience in my job. I am committed to expanding my knowledge and capabilities in this domain, especially as I dive deeper into test automation. My current priority is to enhance my understanding and skills in this area, and I am excited to continue evolving as a QA professional.
<br><br>
<p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/siregarsamuel/" target="_blank">My LinkedIn profile</a></p>

<h3>My Experience 👩‍💻✨</h3>
As a QA Executive since 2019, I have been dedicated to ensuring software quality and functionality through manual and automated testing. I analyze requirements to create detailed test plans and test cases, performing various types of testing such as functional, regression, and user acceptance testing (UAT) to validate the software’s performance. Additionally, I conduct performance testing and security testing to ensure the application can handle high loads and is free from vulnerabilities. I also ensure accessibility testing, making sure products are inclusive for all users. I collaborate with developers to identify, report, and resolve bugs using tools like Jira, and I contribute to continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) processes, automating tests with tools like Katalon/Selenium and JUnit. I document test results, track issues, and provide feedback to ensure the software meets both functional and non-functional requirements. My contributions have led to improved bug detection, faster release cycles, and a better overall user experience. Passionate about ongoing learning, I strive to maintain high software quality and implement best practices in every project .
